Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, they're going to display the carts item data.
But before then, what we can do is we can increase the font size of this to 24.
And over here we can use a capital data and value.
We can wrap it with the princesses.
Yes.
Gotcha.
And this is saved now.
And go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now we are going to display the carts item data.
Okay.
Not to do this, we're going to create a dynamic variable.
We're going to use control and B, to make this formula.
And then we're going to go to the cart item.
Okay.
The over year revenue creates some dynamic variable.
First of all, we can use contra and be.
Okay.
Their friends, whoever is going to be a final rebel is going to be the Heidi.
We can specify it is a type of string.
Okay.
Is second is going to be the.
The string.
Products ID.
Okay, fine.
I assume that is the product name, right?
Okay.
This is going to be true, right?
Okay as well for the price.
But there's going to be double.
And.
There's going to be eight for the quantity.
Okay, fine.
That again is going to be strange for the Amish IRL.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing we are going to do is to pass it on to the constructor.
Right.
Okay, now over here, a light.
And then use culture and arts.
Okay, Control.
Sorry.
Okay.
Then creates constructor for final feeds.
We can then make all this required.
Okay.
Required.
So they required.
Okay.
Required.
And required.
They are going to have some heroes because we made all this required and we are calling this cards item
in the cards screen.
Okay.
So we're going to need to pass the values to all this.
Can I just go to the cut screen where we can use control the.
And on this occasion now for the ID is going to be the order scorecards provider.
Let's get it in thoughts, values, or just as a value.
Then want to convert it to a list.
And we can see.
Intends to assess each one.
Each item.
Is going to be it.
Okay.
Now, for the product, it is going to be a bit different.
It is going to be this coconut cotton provider that gets cut out in those keys.
Then Dodge to list.
Then it's just going to be intense.
Okay.
We also need for the prize and the scorecards provide the.
That's.
That gets cut item duds values.
They are converting to.
Okay.
That's the list.
And then dance.
And then does price.
As well for the image IRL, God provides the goods to attend to its values.
That's so at least.
Intense and measurable.
Try to as well.
The values that are least okay in dance and that's tied to.
Yes.
And it was the quantity of illness cut right to the goods cut item that values that to the least.
Okay.
He dance and then that quantity.
Okay, now he's gonna try this to save.
Okay, now we're going to go back to the cards, item, screen, and you're going to use those variables.
Okay.
Nobody uses dynamic variables.
Now for the.
Image.
You're going to get rid of this and use dollar sign us us as a rainbow.
Okay.
They're going to call the image URL.
Right.
Okay.
Okay as well.
Title.
Okay.
Price.
Right.
Okay.
So we're not there.
Isn't that crazy?
Right?
Are your dollar sign?
Okay.
We can just mute that for now.
For the quantity.
Okay.
Guess you know this is going to require.
Dollar.
They can't to.
Corn, sweetie.
Okay, great.
Okay, now go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
They can.
It's.
Right.
Okay.
We can.
You can see currently we have a list of this item again to see if it updates the cost quantity.
Okay.
Now.
We said if her idea of this, of course, we just want to update it.
Right.
Okay.
That's.
You can see because to remember we had earlier said that if.
Okay.
Who said?
It cuts items that contains that is if it's already knockout, we use any product I.D. to check then
we want to of digits we want you can see else we don't want to had it if it if it has not been here
before.
Okay great.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Okay, guys.
Seen the Netflix show?